Your arteries are the blood vessels
that carry blood away from your heart,
to distribute oxygen
and nutrients throughout your body.
An aneurysm is localized,
abnormal ballooning of an artery
due to weakness in the artery wall.
An aneurysm that occurs
in an artery of the brain
is called a cerebral aneurysm.
You can be born with it
or it can occur later in life.
Your brain gets blood via a circle of
arteries at the base of the brain.
Cerebral aneurysms usually occur
at the point where a cerebral artery
leaves this circle of arteries.
A cerebral aneurysm,
also known as a saccular aneurysm,
is a rounded sac of blood
bulging from the wall of an artery.
Some cerebral aneurysms,
particularly small ones,
may cause no symptoms or problems.
But all cerebral aneurysms
have the potential to rupture or burst
and cause bleeding into the brain.